Add `Shaobin-Jiang/IceNvim` (#1127)
rockerBOO/awesome-neovim: README.md

- [mrcjkb/kickstart-nix.nvim](https://github.com/mrcjkb/kickstart-nix.nvim) - A simple [Nix flake](https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Flakes) template repo for Neovim derivations, with the goal of simplifying the migration from existing Neovim configurations.
- [drybalka/clean.nvim](https://github.com/drybalka/clean.nvim) - Cleaning up the default key mappings and plugins and leaving only the bare essentials to build upon.
- [StratOS-Linux/StratVIM](https://github.com/StratOS-Linux/StratVIM) - A full-fledged Neovim distribution included by default in [StratOS](https://github.com/StratOS-Linux), an upcoming Arch-based Linux distro.

> - [Shaobin-Jiang/IceNvim](https://github.com/Shaobin-Jiang/IceNvim) - A beautiful, powerful and customizable Neovim config that is blazing fast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Shaobin-Jiang/IceNvim](https://github.com/Shaobin-Jiang/IceNvim) - A beautiful, powerful and customizable config that is blazingly fast.
```

Author: Fixed that in the latest commit.
